Preparing all the small things for release (#657)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: crates/matrix-sdk-sled/README.md

# matrix-sdk-sled

This crate implements a storage backend using [sled][sled] for native and mobile environments using the matrix-sdk-base primitives. When using **matrix-sdk** this is included by default.

> _Note_: the future of [sled][sled] is unclear. While it is currently the default for mobile and native environments for matrix-rust-sdk, [the team is actively looking at replacing it with a different storage backend](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk/issues/294).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: the future of [sled][sled] is unclear. While it is currently the default for mobile and native environments for matrix-rust-sdk, [we are actively looking at replacing it with a different storage backend](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk/issues/294).
```
